chore: Update CHANGELOG (#112)
DataDog/dd-sdk-unity: packages/Datadog.Unity/CHANGELOG.md

* Added an option for detecting non-fatal app hangs within a given threshold on iOS.
* Added documentation tooltips to the Datadog Options window (on Labels).
* Added support for file / line mappings in C# exceptions through C# Native Stack Mapping

> * Make DatadogWorker's message pools thread safe.
> * Stop Resources in DatadogTrackedWebRequest if the underlying UnityWebRequest is Disposed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Make `DatadogWorker`'s message pools thread safe.
* Stop resources in `DatadogTrackedWebRequest` if the underlying `UnityWebRequest` is disposed.
```

Author: 🤔 I'm actually split on this. I can see why we might want them to be lowercase, but they are weirdly "proper" nouns referring to Datadog Resources and the specific Dispose method on C#....

Reviewer: imo they should start from the capital letter if it is a reference to the code symbol (class, interface, etc.) and then be wrapped in the ticks.

* Updated iOS SDK to 2.17.0
  * Memory warnings are now tracked as RUM errors
  * Fix refresh rate vital for variable refresh rate displays
* Updated Android SDK to 2.14.0
  * Increase retry delay on DNS error.
  * Stop upload worker on upload failure

>   * Ensure UploadWorker uses the SDK instance name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Ensure `UploadWorker` uses the SDK instance name.
```
